a few years ago I felt like I was stuck
in a rut so I decided to follow in the
footsteps of the great American
philosopher Morgan Spurlock and try
something new for 30 days the idea is
actually pretty simple
think about something you've always
wanted to add to your life and try it
for the next 30 days it turns out 30
days is just about the right amount of
time to add a new habit or subtract a
habit like watching the news from your
life there's a few things that I learned
while doing these 30-day challenges the
first was instead of the months flying
by forgotten the time was much more
memorable this was part of a challenge I
did to take a picture every day for a
month and I remember exactly where I was
and what I was doing that day I also
noticed that as I started to do more and
harder 30-day challenges my
self-confidence grew I went from desk
dwelling computer nerd to the kind of
guy who bikes to work for fun even last
year I ended up hiking up Mount
Kilimanjaro the highest mountain in
Africa I would never have been that
adventurous before I started my 30-day
challenges I also figured out that if
you really want something badly enough
you can do anything for 30 days have you
ever wanted to write a novel every
November tens of thousands of people try
to write their own 50,000 word novel
from scratch in 30 days it turns out all
you have to do is write sixteen hundred
and sixty seven words a day for a month
so I did by the way the secret is not to
go to sleep until you've written your
words for the day you might be
sleep-deprived but you'll finish your
novel now is my book the next great
American novel no I wrote it in a month
it's awful
but for the rest of my life if I meet
John Hodgman at a TED party I don't have
to say I'm a computer scientist no no if
I want to I can say I'm a novelist so
here's one last thing I'd like to
mention I learned that when I made small
sustainable changes things I could keep
doing they were more likely to stick
there's nothing wrong with big crazy
challenges in fact they're a ton of fun
but they're less likely to stick when I
gave up sugar for 30 days day 31 looked
like this so here's my question to you
what are you waiting for
I guarantee you the next 30 days are
going to pass whether you like it or not
so why not think about something you
have always wanted to try and give it a
shot for the next 30 days Thanks
you